You see it
Not bad. Not bad.
When this kid first brought the dung bucket up
I thought it was a mess.
I didn't expect it to burn down
The porcelain vase came out
What a genius
It's rare for you to go public like this.
Let me see.
Young man, move forward.
Hurry up
Nice boy
As if a golden light is pouring down from your celestial cover
It's a rare treasure appraisal genius in a hundred years
But you have to be careful
This porcelain pot will spell disaster for you
What so-called
Innocence
guilty
You have such a national treasure
I'm afraid someone will miss you
You are in danger
But I can help you
Be a disciple of the old man
No one dares to bully you
Chen Tianshi, do you want to accept apprentices?
A talented young man like the old lady fell like this
Be my only disciple
I guarantee you the rules of the gatekeeper.
You still have to abide by the sect rules
Bridge, hurry up and agree!
It sounds like this old man has a lot of rules
I have divine eyes
I will definitely have continuous financial resources in the future
Woman, I also have a Buddhist god
The gods can't envy such a day
I don't want to rely on others
Sorry angel
I don't think so.
Bridge you are crazy
Did you know that such an opportunity
How many people can't ask
You refused
Thank you angel for your kindness
But the disciples still want to stand on their own
Wake up since you didn't mean it
Even if the old man is affectionate
There you go.
Come on.
usually